# create the Django project.  
1. install django ` pip install django`
2. create project name is tutorial `django-admin startproject tutorial` 
**Description** :     
It give me all the files and folder need to be able create my django project.  
3. `wsgi.py` so this is the file where your application will start when your in production level.   
so on the web server is locking first.  
4. `urls.py` any things that in the URL bar at top of your browser is defined in this file.  

# How to Make a Home Page in Django 
1. create app for django project. `django-admin startapp accounts`.  It is create inside the folder of django project.   
i.e tutorial. But project tutorial have one more folder tutorial and app folder is outside of this folder.   
because project folder is root of the project and app is the part of project and app are multiple use that way it is use   
out side of django project.  
2. install apps. `tutorial/setting.py` **INSTALLED_APPS = ['accounts]** (register app for install).   
3. `tutorial/urls.py` all the urls is handle from `accounts/urls.py` **path('accounts/', include('accounts.urls'))**  
4. django have to types of view first is **function based view** and second is **class based view**.   

# How to use templates 
1. templates which is use for html in django. `templates` folder create inside accounts folders.   
2. access templates use render. render(request, 'accounts/login.html').   
3. `'accounts/login.html'`because multiple apps may be same html page.      

# How to use static files
1. static files are css,javascript and images etc. create static files folder name is `static` which is inside of app name  
called accounts.  
2. use static file **{% load static %}** where use static file. location of static file example `static/accounts/style.css`
**<link rel="stylesheet " href="{% static 'accounts/style.css' %}" type="text/css">**   
   
# how to talking ginger to templating 
1. ginger is allows us to pass data from django project itself through to our html templates so that we can present data   
that we have for example taken out the database.   
2. `render(request, 'location', dictionary_key )`.  That dictionary object it's going to contain all the data that we want to    
pass through to the view.       
3. In view we use `{{key_name}}` that display value to view.      

# Base.html file inside of templates.  
1. Include base.html page for every single page.that means we only have put the code at once and they want to appear    
on every single page. using   
 a. {% block head%} {% endblock  %}   for head tag and {% block body %} {% endblock  %}  use for body tag.    
 b. extends the base.html page to any html document use {% extends 'base.html'%}.  
 c. the extends is override the base.html if the tag inside of block is extends and the extends html is change the value   
 or attribute of that tag. Then it is override.  
 